Update documentation on deprecating and disabling formulae (#12727)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Deprecating-Disabling-and-Removing-Formulae.md

The most common reasons for deprecation are when the upstream project is deprecated, unmaintained, or archived.

Formulae with dependents should **not** be deprecated unless the formula:

- does not build on any of our supported platforms; or,

> - has outstanding CVEs.

Reviewer: Or if all dependents are deprecated.

Author: Oh, yes. Had intended to include that.

Author: Done. We should probably have a tap syntax check for formulae with dependents that are deprecated.

Reviewer 2: > Done. We should probably have a tap syntax check for formulae with dependents that are deprecated.

Agreed 👍🏻. Seems sensible for `brew audit` to handle.

The most common reasons for deprecation are when the upstream project is deprecated, unmaintained, or archived.

Formulae with dependents should **not** be deprecated unless:

- all of its dependents are also deprecated;
- the formula does not build on any of our supported platforms; or,

> - the formula has outstanding CVEs.

Author: Adjusted this slightly; let me know what you think.

- the upstream repository has been removed
- the project has no license

> Formulae should not be disabled without a reasonable deprecation period unless the circumstances are exceptional (e.g. the formula does not build). How long a reasonable period is depends on the formula's usage statistics. Popular formulae should have longer deprecation periods. We should aim to have a formula deprecated for at least three months before disabling it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Formulae should not be disabled without a deprecation period of at least three months unless the circumstances are exceptional (e.g. the formula does not build on any supported macOS version or Linux). How long a reasonable period is depends on the formula's usage statistics. Popular formulae should have longer deprecation periods.
```
